there's been a lot of rumors out there
would be rather different bike and stuff
like that so so I let you guys know the
rumors are true
hey
dude I got so much arms off on this day
if you get past my 250 two-stroke
unfortunately to quit these things are
like so much fun around there like
deadline that's awesome
how many years have been been three
years since it out in your mother
and the times of change I can't be
bought turn around that thing's at three
years yeah I saw a green one in there
I'm like watch it hey like no no bottom
whatsoever no it's victor oh it sounds
good revving up for the title that's it
that's what you need to do that yes I
yeah she sure makes you feel like you're
going like our zero fat hearing that
makes it on like he's going so fast but
hey I was going down this very wait like
yeah I look over and I'm like like
looking at the ground it's just like my
marriage throws home like good i feel so
sketchy and wide awake ain't going
nowhere how sick is that front end dude
i got an arm pop in three left yeah
that's full-on new containers out there